Also, in extreme cases that we may need, will in large numbers we can use along along size bit is
64 bits.
That's extremely, extremely large.
Now here's one thing all variables initialized with the interim value.
So if I say, for instance, a foul number like this and when I set this to one automatically, this
is an integer because we are explicitly saying that number will hold one.
So it's an integer.
However, if I for some reason end up saying something like this foul and I say one long and give it
say one and add L.
This is no longer an integer, right?
This one long here is actually going to be a long value.
Same thing.
If I went to and say, well, this is no longer an integer because this will be represented internally
as along.
So if you put an L?
That would mean this is a long value.
OK.
But the great thing about codling is that all variables initialize integer values not exceeding the
maximum value of integers.
In this case, 32 bits have the inferred type int.
Right.
So if the initial value exceeds this value, then the type is long.
All right.
So we can specify the type putting L to say this is a long or it will be inferred if the value we are
adding here is really large bigger than what integer could fit.
So the moral of the story is that if you really need big, big numbers, of course you going to use
longs.
But I guess in most cases, you'll be fine with the integers.
All right.
A lot of theory, but I think it's important at least to have some ideas of what these types do and
what they carry.
And of course, I'm not going into full details of these these concepts, but what it can do, we can
actually do some research about coddling types of basic types as they called, and you can learn more
about them.